                                SOAPy
                             release 0.1
                            April 26, 2001

INTRODUCTION
------------

SOAPy is a library for accessing SOAP(1)-based web services from Python
applications.  Given either a WSDL(2) or SDL(3) document, SOAPy
discovers the published API for a web service and exposes it to Python
applications as transparently as possible.  SOAPy is designed to
support WSDL 1.0 and SOAP 1.1, and whatever version of SDL is being
used to power Microsoft's TerraService web service. :)  

REQUIREMENTS
------------

SOAPy requires Python 1.5 or above.  For HTTPS and Unicode support,
Python 2.0 or above is required.  SOAPy has been tested on Python
1.5.2 and Python 2.0 (on Linux).

SOAPy uses the xml.dom XML parsing interface and, currently, the
PyExpat XML parser.  The simplest way to get this functionality is to use
the PyXML package, which can be found at:
	http://pyxml.sourceforge.net/

SOAPy has been tested with version 0.6.5 of PyXML.

Note that if you have the 4Suite package installed, the PyXML package
may contain files which conflict; however, 4Suite doesn't seem to have
all the necessary pieces.  This might break stuff, so be careful!

Finally, for installation on Python 1.5.2 or earlier, SOAPy requires
the Distutils module, which can be found at:
	http://www.python.org/sigs/distutils-sig/

Distutils is included in Python 1.6 and above.

INSTALLATION
------------

Once you have the above packages installed, untar the source
distribution and type

python setup.py install

USAGE
-----

See the doc/examples/README.txt file for information.

NOTES
-----
(1) SOAP -- Simple Object Access Protocol.  SOAP is an XML standard
for remote procedure calls which is becoming widely used for web-based
services.  For example, Microsoft .NET services are based on SOAP.
Additional information on SOAP can be found at the following URLs:

SOAP 1.1 Specification (W3C Note 8 May 2000):
	http://www.w3.org/TR/SOAP/

Develop.com SOAP resource page:
	http://www.develop.com/soap/

Apache SOAP (SOAP implementation for Java, based on IBM SOAP4J):
	http://xml.apache.org/soap/

Userland's SOAP Weblog:
	http://soap.weblogs.com/

Microsoft's SOAP resource page:
	http://msdn.microsoft.com/soap/default.asp

(2) WSDL -- Web Services Description Language.  WSDL is an XML-based
standard for describing the API of web services which can be accessed
via SOAP or other methods (SOAPy only handles SOAP access).  Additional
information on WSDL can be found at the following URLs:

Specification of WSDL 1.0 (25 September 2000):
	http://www-106.ibm.com/developerworks/library/w-wsdl.html

Using WSDL in SOAP applications (article in IBM Developer Works,
November 2000):
	http://www-106.ibm.com/developerworks/library/ws-soap/?dwzone=components

(3) SDL -- Services Description Language.  SDL is an older XML-based
standard for describing web services APIs.  It is used primarily by
Microsoft's .NET toolkit, which I understand is being moved towards
WSDL.

An example SDL document can be found at:
	http://terraserver.microsoft.net/TerraService.asmx?SDL